"Bezalel Kidane Gidey Born on January 20th, 2003 in Asmara, Eritrea. Parents Kidane Hailemicheal and Semhar Tekeste. Younger brother Lemuel Kidane Gidey. Bezalel moved to Seattle, WA, USA in 2006. He grew up in Seattle going to Stevens Elementary, Washington Middle School, and Garfield Highschool. Attended Seattle University and Seattle Central Colleges. Received secondary schooling at Rainier Scholars. He started BzCapitalConsulting in 2020 at the height of covid to help grow small businesses around the country in hopes that in the event of COVID that family businesses have the tools and awareness to sell online. Bezalel Gidey is the owner of BzCapitalConsulting. A consulting company that helps small businesses grow their branding and revenue. He is an Author of many books including the Secret of Social Media branding, A Dream of a Lifetime, and many more books published on Amazon, Kindle, Google Books and many more Publishers. To some he is known by his nickname Bz Gidey. He is a renowned specialist when it comes to online marketing and branding and has helped many small businesses with growing their revenue and brand on the internet. He is a sales entrepreneur, author, speaker, investor, and coach. He has worked within family businesses, restaurants, trucking, brick-and-mortar and online businesses. Bezalel Gidey is a motivational speaker, Author, Writer, Eritrean-American Businessman, Branding and Marketing Coach, Sales Leader and CEO and Founder of BzCapitalConsulting.

[1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6]

Career
Bezalel Kidane Gidey Born on January 20th, 2003 in Asmara, Eritrea. Parents Kidane Hailemicheal and Semhar Tekeste. Younger brother Lemuel Kidane Gidey. Bezalel moved to Seattle, WA, USA in 2006. He grew up in Seattle going to Stevens Elementary, Washington Middle School, and Garfield Highschool. Attended Seattle University and Seattle Central Colleges. Received secondary schooling at Rainier Scholars. He started BzCapitalConsulting in 2020 at the height of covid to help grow small businesses around the country in hopes that in the event of COVID that family businesses have the tools and awareness to sell online. Bezalel Gidey is the owner of BzCapitalConsulting. A consulting company that helps small businesses grow their branding and revenue. He is an Author of many books including the Secret of Social Media branding, A Dream of a Lifetime, and many more books published on Amazon, Kindle, Google Books and many more Publishers. He is a renowned specialist when it comes to online marketing and branding and has helped many small businesses with growing their revenue and brand on the internet. He is a sales entrepreneur, author, speaker, investor, and coach. He has worked within family businesses, restaurants, trucking, brick-and-mortar and online businesses. Bezalel Gidey is a motivational speaker, Author, Writer, Eritrean-American Businessman, Branding and Marketing Coach, Sales Leader and CEO and Founder of BzCapitalConsulting.

Personal Life
He collaborates and has paid promotion activities on social media platforms. With the quality of giving information and helping hands for youth to grow their identity and skills in the modern marketplace. Bezalel Kidane Gidey. He started BzCapitalConsulting in 2020 at the height of COVID to help grow small businesses around the country in hopes that in the event of COVID that family businesses have the tools and awareness to sell online. Bezalel Gidey is the owner of BzCapitalConsulting. A consulting company that helps small businesses grow their branding and revenue. He is an Author of many books including the Secret of Social Media branding, A Dream of a Lifetime, and many more books published on Amazon, Kindle, Google Books and many more Publishers. He is a renowned specialist when it comes to online marketing and branding and has helped many small businesses with growing their revenue and brand on the internet. He is a sales entrepreneur, author, speaker, investor, and coach. He has worked within family businesses, restaurants, trucking, brick-and-mortar and online businesses. Bezalel Gidey is a motivational speaker, Author, Writer, Eritrean-American Businessman, Branding and Marketing Coach, Sales Leader and CEO and Founder of BzCapitalConsulting.

References
 [1]
 [2]
 [3]
 [4]
 [5]
 [6]
External links
- Financial Content
- Financial Content
- Today On The Internet
- Today On The News
- Press Release
- BzCapitalConsulting
Bezalel Gidey
Screenshot 2023-04-27 10.27.24 AM.png
Bezalel Gidey
Native name	Bezalel Gidey
Born	Bezalel Gidey
2003/01/20
Asmara, Eritrea
🏡 Residence	Seattle, WA
🏳️ Nationality	Eritrean-American
Bz Gidey
💼 Occupation	
Height	185.42 cm
🥚 Twitter	https://www.bzcapitalconsulting.com/
💼 LinkedIN	bezalel-gidey-ab88281b7/

You are outside the CCPA jurisdiction.
